---
layout: post
title: "AI will change the world, but it shouldn't touch the church"
date: 2024-01-09
categories: chatgpt gospel jesus ai  
---

I'm Christian and I believe in Jesus. He is the way, the truth and the life. Apart from him you cannot be saved. In my friend group, I'm known as the edgey, loud mouth, Christian guy who is obessed with AI, Coffee and Food. Something I 1000% do not agree with or believe in is that Christians and Pastors, especially, can and should use AI to write their sermons. Why? It takes away the authenticity of the Gospel and the authenticity of your preaching. I say, let all that you preach and teach be God inspired, God led and written by your hands, leaning on the Lord for his guidence. Pastors shouldn't take the lazy way out of teaching, buying sermons and using AI to write them is plain wrong. Why? In Revelation, 22:18-19 it says "For I testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: If anyone adds to these things, God will add to him the plagues that are written in this book and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy God shall take away his part from the Book of Life, from the holy city and from the things which are written in this book.". 

But how can AI take away or add to the scriptures? AI's can <a href="https://cloud.google.com/discover/what-are-ai-hallucinations#:~:text=AI%20hallucinations%20are%20incorrect%20or,used%20to%20train%20the%20model." target="_blank">"hallucinate"</a> or another way of saying <a href="https://apnews.com/article/artificial-intelligence-hallucination-chatbots-chatgpt-falsehoods-ac4672c5b06e6f91050aa46ee731bcf4" target="_blank">MAKE STUFF UP</a>. I'm telling you friends, brothers and sisters in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit please do not allow your laziness to crowd your good judgement and good sense. 

Jesus says in Matthew 28:19-20 to "Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teching them to observe all things that I have commanded you; and lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age.". Jesus never says to be lazy, Jesus never asks us to take the easy way out. He commands us to go and make disciples. Discipleship is messy, hard work that cannot be replaced with an AI. Teaching is personal. One on one. People to people. 

AI is just a tool!!!! Psalm 14:1 "The fool says in his heart: 'There is no God.'." Don't be a fool friends. Don't let our sworn enemy into our camp. Do you think AI will stop with text generation? AI's can <a href="https://speechify.com/voice-cloning/" taget="_blank">clone your voice</a>, <a href="https://www.bland.ai/" target="_blank">send and receive millions of calls per day</a>, <a href="https://www.npr.org/2023/03/23/1165146797/it-takes-a-few-dollars-and-8-minutes-to-create-a-deepfake-and-thats-only-the-sta" target="_blank">produce realistic video</a>. Re-writing the words of the Gospel? Easy. Re-record the audio of the bible to censor out the truth? No problem. What is truth anyways? Re-write the entire bible, in a more sanitized version?  Already being done my friends, PETA (Not People eating tasty animals) is already <a href="https://www.dailysignal.com/2023/05/14/vegan-wokescolds-peta-team-ai-rewrite-bible/" target="_blank">re-writing Gensis</a>. 

I remember long ago, my Mom talking about Revelation 13:15, where John is saying that the beast "was granted power to give breath to the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause as many as would not worship the image of the beast to be killed". With AI, the question is no longer how can Satan give voice and sight to images, but when. When will he use the technology we have built to rule the world? 

The world is filled with fake news, but take heart my friends for Jesus is the same, yesterday, today and forever. The word of God is unchanging and unmoving. He is coming soon. Get ready!